introduce `std::simd` suppport (#436)
alpaka-group/alpaka3: CMakeLists.txt

> # File is required to validate the C++20 feature std::atomic_ref

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Files required to validate optional features std::atomic_ref and std::simd
```
